porting ethdenver onepager to blog (#130)
risc0/website: blog/2023-02-24-eth-denver/index.md

Our RISC-V zkVM acts as the foundations of Bonsai and enables wide spread language compatibility with the potential for Zero Knowledge provable code written in Rust, C++, Solidity, Go, and more. With a combination of recursive proofs, a bespoke circuit compiler, state continuations, and continuous improvements to the proving algorithm, Bonsai enables anyone to generate highly performant ZK proofs for a variety of applications. 

Bonsai combines three key ingredients to produce a unique network that will enable new classes of applications to be developed across blockchain and traditional application domains:

- A general purpose zkVM capable of running any VM in a ZK/verifiable context
- A proving system that directly integrates into any smart contract or chain
- A universal rollup that distributes any computations proven on Bonsai to every chain

> **Bonsai effectively allows for any Application, Blockchain, and Appchain to easily integrate ZK proofs into their protocol without any custom ZK circuit development. This will enable a paradigm shift in how ZK proofs are used across the entire blockchain ecosystem.**

Author: This capitalization feels odd to me. 
```suggestion
**Bonsai effectively allows for any application, blockchain, and appchain to easily integrate ZK proofs into their protocol without any custom ZK circuit development. This will enable a paradigm shift in how ZK proofs are used across the entire blockchain ecosystem.**
```

**The Bonsai Litepaper can be found [AT THIS LINK](https://dev.bonsai.xyz/litepaper)**

🚀[**Get notified when Bonsai is released to the public**](https://fmree464va4.typeform.com/to/t6hZD54Z)🚀

The ETHDenver Bonsai Developer Website can be found **[AT THIS LINK](https://dev.bonsai.xyz/)**

💡 **Early alpha access to Bonsai is currently controlled via a Whitelist. <br/> 

> 💡Developers looking to join the Bonsai Whitelist may fill out the form [HERE](https://m1emhs1gxzc.typeform.com/to/wHuXlEpW)**

Author: ```suggestion
💡 Developers looking to join the Bonsai Whitelist may fill out the form [HERE](https://m1emhs1gxzc.typeform.com/to/wHuXlEpW)**
```

# zkVM

**[One Page Overview](https://dev.bonsai.xyz/learn-zkvm)**

The RISC Zero zkVM is an open-source, zero-knowledge virtual machine that lets you build trustless, verifiable software in your favorite languages. The zkVM bridges the gap between zero-knowledge proof (ZKP) research and widely-supported programming languages such as C++ and Rust. ZKP technology enables programs' outputs to be checked for correctness by someone who cannot see its inputs. This verifiability enables game changing scalability and privacy across a wide variety of applications. The general purpose nature of our zkVM also allows for it to be compatible across a variety of blockchain protocols.  

> The RISC Zero proof system implements a zk-STARK instantiated using the FRI protocol, DEEP-ALI, and an HMAC-SHA-256 based PRF. It also is compatible with recursion and has near unlimited proof complexity. 

Author: not sure what "near unlimited proof complexity" means here

Current performance benchmarks can be found [**AT THIS LINK**](https://github.com/delendum-xyz/zk-benchmarking)

The RISC Zero zkVM Proof System Whitepaper can be found **[AT THIS LINK](https://www.risczero.com/proof-system-in-detail.pdf)**

## Getting Started

The best place to started with our zkVM is our [**Docs**](https://www.risczero.com/docs). Within it you will find our [**project template**](https://www.risczero.com/docs/examples/understanding_template), which acts as the foundations for any RISC Zero project. It will also help in giving a good feel for how each component of our project works together. 

> Moving on from this template, the [**RISC Zero Digital Signature Demo**](https://www.risczero.com/docs/examples/digital-signature) and [**Password Validity Checker**](https://www.risczero.com/docs/examples/password-checker)** are great examples of how our zkVM can be used to add security and privacy into existing technologies. Finally, our [**website**](https://www.risczero.com/docs/explainers)** and [**youtube channel**](https://www.youtube.com/@risczero) have a variety of materials that should help you better understand the technical foundations of the RISC Zero zkVM.

Reviewer: The bold-in-bold formatting breaks the website link. Is this better, or do you want to fix the formatting in some other way?
```suggestion
Moving on from this template, the [**RISC Zero Digital Signature Demo**](https://www.risczero.com/docs/examples/digital-signature) and [**Password Validity Checker**](https://www.risczero.com/docs/examples/password-checker) are great examples of how our zkVM can be used to add security and privacy into existing technologies. Finally, our [**website**](https://www.risczero.com/docs/explainers) and [**youtube channel**](https://www.youtube.com/@risczero) have a variety of materials that should help you better understand the technical foundations of the RISC Zero zkVM.
```

**ZKHack zkVM Demos**

> The following are example projects from our ZKHack presentation. The full presentation can be found [**here**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wECQcmk-5ss). All demos can be found [**here**](https://www.github.com/risc0/risc0/tree/main/examples).

Author: "The following are" feels out of place here. 
```suggestion
Our ZKHack presentation included a number of examples of zkVM projects. The full presentation can be found [**here**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wECQcmk-5ss). All demos can be found [**here**](https://www.github.com/risc0/risc0/tree/main/examples).
```

To build such an application, you’ll need two major components: your application logic written in the form of zkVM guest code and a solidity contract as an interface to the Ethereum world. Communication between those two components will happen via the Ethereum Bonsai bridge.

Because Bonsai is in a pre-release state, we expect you to need some help getting going - to support this, we’ll have Bonsai developers available to help via discord (and a few in person, as well).

For application ideas, think about computationally intensive tasks. What have you always wanted to see on Ethereum but development complexity or gas costs/caps have kept you from building?

**Prize Amount - 15,000 USDC**

We are offering a total of 5 prizes, with a top prize of 7,000 USDC and a minimum prize of 2,000 USDC to qualifying projects.

*We reserve the right to withhold prizing in cases where low-quality submissions do not meet our bounty requirements.*

### Resources

- Bonsai Bounty Notion Page: [https://risczero.notion.site/ETHDenver-RISC-Zero-Bonsai-Bounty-Resources-881f1675a7dd4d2faed7ee9c0894e5c3](https://www.notion.so/ETHDenver-RISC-Zero-Bonsai-Bounty-Resources-881f1675a7dd4d2faed7ee9c0894e5c3)

> - Bonsai Bounty Developer Website: [dev.bonsai.xyz]

Reviewer: Whoops, apparently the format I suggested earlier is also insufficient for a link, sorry :(
```suggestion
- Bonsai Bounty Developer Website: [https://dev.bonsai.xyz](https://dev.bonsai.xyz)
```

> - Bonsai Bounty Developer Website: dev.bonsai.xyz

Reviewer: Add link
```suggestion
- Bonsai Bounty Developer Website: [dev.bonsai.xyz]
```
